Samplicator NEWS -- history of user-visible changes	-*- text -*-

Copyright (c) 2000-2005 Simon Leinen  <simon.leinen@switch.ch>

Version 1.3.7:

The size limit for replicated UDP datagrams has been increased from
1500 to 65535, the maximum size for UDP datagrams.  It should be
tested whether such large packets are sent out (i.e. fragmented)
correctly on all systems when "raw" (spoofing) mode is used.

Samplicate now has a `-V' option that causes it to output its
version.  The version is also included in the normal `usage' message.

Bug fix: The `-x' option is no longer ignored when a configuration
file is specified using `-c'.

Bug fix: Spoofing now works on little-endian (Intel/AMD) Solaris
systems.

Bug fix: Corrected the type of some setsockopt() arguments when the
send or receive buffer sizes are set.

Version 1.3.6:

Checkpoint after some cleanup (update e-mail addresses etc.) for the
transition to Google Code hosting.  No functional changes from 1.3.5.

Version 1.3.5:

Spoofed mode (`-S') now computes UDP checksums.  This can be
suppressed with `-n' if it causes problems, but in general you should
leave it on for better reliability.  Patch by Gary Mikula.

Version 1.3.4:

Added new options contributed by James Sella: `-s' is used to specify
an address that the program binds to (default `any'), and `-f' causes
the program to fork itself into the background.

Version 1.3.3:

Fixed an initialization bug that could randomly cause spoofing mode to
be enabled even without `-S'.

Version 1.3.2:

Fixed argument parsing and allow TTL specification.

In source address spoofing mode, convert IP header fields to network
order for some operating systems that are known to require it.

Version 1.3.1:

Added patch to make source address spoofing work on BSD-based systems.

Version 1.3:

Added config file option "-c" which implements samplication to
peers depending on the source of the packet.  See README for a
short description of this feature.

Version 1.2.1:

Fixed a stupid bug introduced in the last change.  This will teach me
to always use `gcc -Wall'.

Version 1.2:

Added `-b' argument to set the size of the socket buffers.  The
default is now no longer the system default, but 65536.  If you
experience packet drops, you can try to increase the size of the
socket buffers.

Version 1.1:

Added `spoof' mode (-S).  If this is set, the samplicator will
conserve the original source address in replicated packets.  Note that
in order to use this, root privilege is necessary on most systems.
This feature has been introduced for the benefit of post-processing
software that uses the source address in NetFlow accounting packets.
For instance, Fluxoscope and newer Cflowd releases use SNMP to get
per-interface configuration data from each NetFlow-sending router.

Converted to Automake and added files to comply with GNU coding and
documentation standards.
